# CS-300-DSA-Analysis-And-Design

The problem I was solving for the course projects was that a fictional university was needing a program that helps their science advisors access course information for students. I approached the problem by using data structures and planning out with pseudocode. Data structures are important to understand because data structures are an important way of storing input from files. These structures can help with a variety of different file types and can act as a sort of interim storage for different applications. I overcame a few of the roadblocks I encountered by keeping a calm and collected thought process. I made sure that I never got overtly frustrated and if I was ever getting close to that I would simply take a break and come back later. This methodology helped with a few of the coding sections of my final project as I never would have guessed to put the sorting algorithm for the full list into the loop that prints out the entire file without taking a break. My work on these projects has expanded how I approach designing software and developing programs through my thought processes. I found that if I cannot find a potential solution or the answer I get frustrated easily. This has led me to simply keeping calm and collected and taking breaks to avoid burning-out or losing the ability to care. My work on these projects has evolved how I write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable through the code I did not need to modify in the assignments. I was able to learn what readability really meant by looking over the code and the comments it had for the other sections. I saw how the code that was given and did not need a change was easily maintained for future versions. Finally, I saw and learn how I could adapt each aspect of the code of the unmodified sections for other uses when looking over said code.
